Clarify behavior of invoke when machine state changes (#616)
davidkpiano/xstate: docs/guides/communication.md

- `resolve()`, which will take the `onDone` transition
- `reject()` (or throw an error), which will take the `onError` transition

> If the state of the machine changes before the promise settles, the result of the promise is discarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the state where the invoked promise is active is exited before the promise settles, the result of the promise is discarded.
```

[Observables](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-observable) are streams of values emitted over time. Think of them as an array/collection whose values are emitted asynchronously, instead of all at once. There are many implementations of observables in JavaScript; the most popular one is [RxJS](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxjs).

> Observables can be invoked, which is expected to send events (strings or objects) to the parent machine, yet not receive events (uni-directional). An observable invocation is a function that takes `context` and `event` as arguments and returns an observable stream of events.  The observable is unsubscribed when the current state is exited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observables can be invoked, which is expected to send events (strings or objects) to the parent machine, yet not receive events (uni-directional). An observable invocation is a function that takes `context` and `event` as arguments and returns an observable stream of events.  The observable is unsubscribed when the state where it is invoked is exited.
```

- Parent-to-child via the `send(EVENT, { to: 'someChildId' })` action
- Child-to-parent via the `sendParent(EVENT)` action.

> If the current state is exited, the machine is stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the state where the machine is invoked is exited, the machine is stopped.
```
